when I came into the Gaza Strip I was
prevented everything except for one
suitcase and I've been here for a month
and so uh as much as I tried to stuff
within that suitcase uh there's only so
much you could put in one suitcase and
and we have 10 patients here that would
uh use all those all those medications
probably in a day or two while the
healthcare workers here save lives and
do their best to keep people living they
are thinking about their own family
members at home and when they hear the
explosion of the distance which we hear
every hour or two while we're heing the
buzzing above us of the drones those
healthcare workers are constantly in Two
Worlds one where they're here with their
patient where they know they have a duty
by by by the career that they've chosen
uh and the second is to their own family
and their own neighborhoods at home
where they don't know when the next
patient that rolls in will be their
family member the medications we use for
controlling uh severe bleeding uh
especially in patient with liver disease
in an environment where everybody is
bleeding we we are out of these really
vital medications um and and so what the
what the community's had to do is work
off of suitcases bought in by prior
Medical Teams greater 3 months ago uh
because currently all inflow of medical
supplies has been stopped at the border
we have several cases in the last 24
hours where they survived their surgery
they survived the initial blast they
survived the initial resuscitation uh
but then subsequently passed from
infection related to the lack of wound
care supplies and and typical supplies
we'd see in any Hospital in the world
this is a uh a 20-year old woman who
suffered significant traumatic Rin
injury she may be able to be pulled off
the ventilator she may breathe for
herself whether or not she'll ever talk
again or wake up again meaningfully or
walk again is is truly an unknown thing
for us she's a 5-year-old uh little girl
who came in overnight the blast uh and
this injury is not the end of her
journey to recovery right she has the
physical recovery ahead of her of
recovering from low oxygen levels and
lung injury and and and superficial
Burns and these type of things uh but in
the long term uh the thing that I I feel
most concerned about for for the
population as a whole and from a public
Heth perspective is uh these kidss have
seen and experienced things that kids
are not supposed to
experience make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz